- JODIE: Listen, I'm not sure.
Maybe I shouldn't go.
- NATHAN: Jodie, you've been begging me
for weeks, you're not gonna back up now.
- JODIE: I don't know anybody there.
They might all hate me and...
This dress... This dress is awful.
Let's just go.
- NATHAN: Just take a deep breath.
There's no reason to panic.
It's just a birthday party.
I'm sure everybody will like you.
You'll have fun.
Maybe meet some new friends.
Go on.
Oh, don't forget your present.
It's a book of poetry by Poe.
It's 50 years old and really rare.
I'm sure she'll like it.
Don't worry.
It's gonna be alright.
I'll pick you up at five.
Have fun.
(DOORBELL RINGS)
- WOMAN: Hey, Jodie. Come in.
- JODIE: Hi.
- WOMAN: Hey Kirsten, you coming?
I've gotta go.
Come in, Jodie. Don't be shy.
- KIRSTEN: Hey... Jodie, right?
Come on, we're in the living room. Some girls
from my school and the least dorky guys we could find.
Oh, that's the present for me?
Cool. Thanks.
- WOMAN: I'm off, darling. Look after
your friends and don't do anything stupid, alright?
- KIRSTEN: Sure mom, whatever you say.
(DOOR SHUTS)
Finally! She gets the hint.
Hey everyone, this is Jodie.
She's in Unit Four with my mom.
- BOY 1: Unit Four?
The Paranormal Department?
- BOY 2: Ooh... Whacha do there?
Bend spoons or speak to dead people,
stuff like that?
- JODIE: No.
No.
- KIRSTEN: (CLAPS) Party time!
I'll get the beer.
Guys do the shutters,
girls do the candles.
And Jodie you can take care of the music.
Let's get crazy!
(SHUTTERS ROLLING)
♪ (UPBEAT MUSIC PLAYING) ♪
(MUSIC GETS LOUDER)
- GIRL 1: What kind of garbage is that?
(SCOFFS) Slide over.
We'll put on something from this century.
Something really poping.
♪ (BEAUTIFUL BODY
BY DAVE JAMES PLAYING) ♪
- KIRSTEN: Hid it under my bed for a week.
Mom doesn't even go to my room anymore.
She's totally oblivious.
- BOY 2: Kirsten, you're a genius.
- KRISTEN: Jodie, you want one?
- JODIE: Yeah, cool, sure.
(COUGHS)
- KIRSTEN: Hey, don't choke on it.
- GIRL 2: I bet it's her first time.
- JODIE: No... I've had some before.
- BOY 2: Of course, you had.
- JODIE: (CLEARS THROAT)
- BOY 1: Hi.
- MATT: Hi, I'm Matt. Jodie, right?
I've never seen you at school before.
You don't take classes on base?
- JODIE: I'm in a different programme.
With-with my own teachers.
It's...
...kinda boring
(CHUCKLES AWKWARDLY)
I-I-I never get to see people... my age.
- MATT: (CHUCKLES)
So you work with Kirsten's mother?
- JODIE: Yeah.
We work in a same lab.
She thought it would be a good idea for me
to come and spend time with people my age, so...
Uh... Here I am...
(CHUCKLE AWKWARDLY)
- MATT: I used to live in London
before I moved here two years ago.
And you? Where did you live before?
- JODIE: New York.
- MATT: Man, I love New York.
It's awesome.
I went there once and it blew me away.
Do you have any hobbies?
Anything you do for like, fun?
I surf any chance I get and I play
in a band with a bunch of friends.
And... you? What are you into?
- JODIE: It's gonna sound really boring...
I-I like to read... and...
I like sports... (CHUCKLES)
I mean, I-I can't... I can't leave the base,
so it's sort of limited things.
- MATT: Can I... Can I ask you something?
Why are you in Unit Four?
- JODIE: I'd rather not talk about it.
- MATT: Sorry... I'm so stupid...
I-I hope I didn't... like... upset you or anything.
- JODIE: No...
- JODIE: No, that's okay.
♪ (END OF THE LINE
BY GARETH JOHNSON PLAYING) ♪
- MATT: Oh, slow dance.
Are you up for it?
- JODIE: Sure.
- MATT: Ow. Sorry. I guess
dancing isn't your thing, is it?
You know.
I'm sure you hear this all the time, but...
You're really pretty, you know.
- JODIE: Do you say that
to all the girls you meet?
- MATT: You're not like other girls,
I mean there's...
There's something special about you.
- JODIE: I think you're pretty special too.
♪ (SMASH BY BOB BRADLEY
& SARAH WASSALL PLAYING) ♪
- GIRL 2: Guys, guys.
Why doesn't Jodie give us a demonstration
of her super mega powers?
- JODIE: No, no no, I...
- BOY 2: Great idea. I'd pay to see that.
- GIRL 1: Forget it.
It's just a load of bull.
- KIRSTEN: Yeah, come on, Jodie.
Show us what you can do.
- MATT: Okay, Jodie.
You up for a demonstration?
- JODIE: No, no no... I-I-I-I don't have...
I don't have powers. (CHUCKLES)
- GIRL 1: (SCOFFS) I told you so, guys.
It's all bullshit.
- KIRSTEN: Right, okay guys.
It's time to eat that delicious cake.
And most important
to open my birthday gifts.
Actually, the cake can wait.
I'm opening my gifts first.
"Love, Jen. XXX"
Aw, that's nice babe.
I bet it's knee socks.
A thong! Just exactly what I needed!
- JEN: Now you can stop
stealing your mom's.
- GIRL 1: And improve the chance of
finding a decent boyfriend.
(KIRSTEN & JEN LAUGH)
- KIRSTEN: My future lover wants
to thank you for making his life more... interesting.
- JEN: What... is that?
- KIRSTEN: An old book.
(SCOFFS) It smells funky.
- JODIE: It's a really rare collection.
Poems by Edgar Allan Poe.
- KIRSTEN: Edgar Allen who?
- BOY 2: What? Did you steal this
from your grandpa's library?
- JODIE: No... No, it's really rare.
- GIRL 1: Yeah, just like your dress.
(EVERYONE LAUGHS)
- KIRSTEN: No, seriously, is this a joke?
I can't believe you came all the way
to my birthday party just to give me this old crap!
- GIRL 1: And she thinks she's so clever.
But she's just a little lab rat.
- JEN: A freaky little lab rat.
- MATT: Yeah... She's been following me around
like a puppy all evening.
Begging for it.
- GIRL 1: Oh... and she's a slut too.
- KIRSTEN: I never wanted to invite her.
My mom made me.
- MATT: Yeah, she's a slut.
A slut and a witch.
We should... like...
...do something to her.
- JEN: What do you do with witches?
You burn them.
- JODIE: (SCREAMS)
- KIRSTEN: Get her!
(EVERYONE LAUGHS)
- JODIE: Please!
Stop! Stop!
- BOY 2: Oh, mistress of obscure darkness,
bring forth your mighty power! (EVIL LAUGH)
Let me go!
LET ME GO!!
Please, please! Let me out!!
- KIRSTEN: I wanted to do that
from the first moment I saw her.
I'm begging you, please let me out!
(LAUGHTER)
Please!
- BOY 2: Did someone say "cake"?
Please, I wanna get out.
Please, I wanna get out!
- JEN: Yeah, all this excitement
is making me hungry!
I'm begging you, please let me out!!
- KIRSTEN: Yeah, let's get this party started!
(CRYING)
Get me outta here. Please!
Go Aiden.
(AIDEN REPLIES)
- KIRSTEN: Well done. Very funny, Steven!
- STEVEN: Hey! It wasn't me!
I didn't do it this time.
(ALL SCREAM)
- JEN: Shit, that's crazy.
I'm getting outta here!
- KIRSTEN: Don't leave me alone!
- GIRL 1: Okay, wait for me!
- JEN: The door, it won't open!
- KIRSTEN: It's impossible, try harder!
- JEN: I'm telling you, it's locked!
- MATT: Keep calm, there's...
there's no reason to panic.
(INTENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(ALL SCREAM)
- MATT: The windows, try the windows.
- STEVE: They're locked!
- JEN: Guys, this is a joke!
It's really...
- KIRSTEN: What was that?
(INDISTINCT SPEAKING & SCREAMING)
- JODIE: Enough, Aiden.
I think they got the message.
Come on. Let's go.
I said that's enough!
Come back! We're leaving!
What're you doing Aiden?
You're going too far!
You gotta stop!
The house's on fire!
Let them out now, Aiden!
AIDEN, LET THEM OUT NOW!!
(SCREAMING)
(INDISTINCT COUGHING)
- KIRSTEN'S MOM: Kirs!
God! What happened?
- KIRSTEN: It's her! It's all her fault!
She burns down everything!
She's the devil! She's the devil!
- NATHAN: Come on, Jodie.
Let's go home.
(SOBBING)